this is october isumi-san i sing wartans and
Mike us paul years 2000 and now I want
show you my regular review on
set of a series I commit not war
Article Kadyrov 75 028 he intended
for children from 6 to 12 years and about the name
clone turbo tank and this set of series
microfighters
well then let's begin our review so
let's start with a box like this here
these are star wars
no symbol for 2014 darth vader
all information on more age article
name mark that this set of
microfighters series and here's the micro knife itself
fighter as well
the clone behind us is sealed
Lego logo and star logo parts
the war is glued
In general, then from the store
the world of cubes here shows the functions
recruitment
also all microfighters of
there are falcons report and now with turbo
turbo tank can also download
application from appstore or google play
on your device and so now move on to
instructions instructions we have the largest
and with a box longer but lower and so and
lifeless article microfighters myself
set
open assembly 1 minifigures general
grazing set consonance recruitment business
monument don't shoot people in the face all
dresser service details again all this
app and you give me now
move on to
minifigurki take amount podvochku
and consider it this minifigure to me
liked it very much
just absolutely ordinary clone second
armor phases
Here are the slam doing now mostly
all clones yes here in the battle pack now
made 212 battalion then 41 flight
the case is the same
and the helmet made 501 legions just
painted on them in different ways so that's a
Here we have a clone take a closer look at his
customer mask is not his face
The usual clone of emotions and here is such
We print on the chest belt itself came himself
torso also drawn in the legs and behind
also present
print in general, like all slopes
armed with a clone blaster and so on me
figurines of one of this
recruitment is all
and we go to the very micro fighter u
I really liked these questions
and so well let's wife he can
ride around cause field surfaces
Russian stove is not he this tank is bad
rides but you stand the new hire
speeding up is not bad enough
travel far and as well as in all
microfighters them we can plant
minifigure narrowing cabin
improvised cabin here so this is all
looks like a cabin here
here should already be sitting on on a figurine
Here if such if here for such a tank
really fernan figures to
put in a cabin there
there are guns in the form of binoculars and
from these guns can yes even be responsible for
its speed as if we move them
here and so close to the front wheels
then they just won't drive no
moving and so back-on top we have
the gun is also such a general lever but
microfighters them this is quite a good
gun so behind we also have this
like a cabin here and
there is a gunshot function about how
billy flew up
so this is our 2 racket naturally Sarah
and also we can advise this so
the other one will be super
upgraded
tour of the clone tank and so well in general
it is nothing more to say where I
well and so but I will show you more than once after
I’m done enough for him
realistic i liked well and on this
All set for myself but I would also like to
you weave some information I went
at the weekend to shop
a series of measures cubes and bought there 8 sets
one micro factor and 7 set per night
it turns out we have
I will not say everything but I will say that
The next review is likely to be on
Mandalorian fag so I wanted it
do today
but so I have little time to review
still want to take off and put me
made in micro fighter since him
quick overview disappears but in general is
so hard everything is well and most likely on this one
week will be more reviews
I have already said what set and also
I can’t take it off at all
ganship but soon it will also review
when I figure out the intro and
with my program for installation
well, that's all thanks to all put
likes comment
Watch the rest of the video on my channel
wait for a new video has been sought as a
very soon these videos and all bye